Most important are attributes first I will develop a system around
progressive attribute building that will allow players who take damage to
have growth in their health pool, players who run jump shoot mine, chop
pick and fly will have stamina increase accordingly, and those pesky mages
who use tons and tons of spells will have an increasing manapool. The more
time you spend in game the more time you will have to be rewarded for your
efforts! Different tasks around the map may give you boosts to these attri-
butes so exploration is a must.

Lets talk weapons, weapon skills include armor penetration, swing speed,
two handed strength, unarmed damage, accuracy, distance, projectile speed,
multi-shot, special ammo usage, magic damage, magic area damage, lingering
magic, special spells, mana pool, mana consumption. Each of the class aspects
will have regeneration rewarded for use of pools as mentioned before. Let's
iron out some details:

Strength:

Armor Penetration - how well your attacks will pierce through armor which
reduces the physical damage reduction of your enemy and brings your attacks
closer to the 100% damage mark.

Swing Speed - How fast 1h and 2h melee weapons are swung and how fast special
abilities can be used in succession.

Two Handed Strength - The final push for dual wielding 2 handed weapons, which
reduces Swing Speed to a minimized cap but you have two 2h what more could you
want?

Unarmed Damage - Just when you thought you weren't going to punch someone right
in the face

Dexterity:

Accuracy - Usage of the bow will indefinitely increase your chance at a critical
strike, the longer you use a bow the more likely you are to maximize your
strike damage with one up to a maximized cap. (Comes with visual confirmation
in the form of arrows not shooting off into space)

Distance - adjusts the distance you can shoot all ranged weapons up to a
maximized cap, the more you use your bow the further you can draw string,
adjusts accuracy.

Projectile speed - This will ultimately effect your aim when using a skillshot
tree the longer you use your bow in skillshot mode the more effective you will
become at hitting the target exactly where you are aiming and COULD also give you
the aim assist effect that will assist your aim when in skillshot mode.

Multi-Shot - the more you use this ability the more accurate your arrows become,
the smarter your multi-shot grows allowing you to use more arrows more accurately.

Special Ammo Usage - with generic usage of the bow you will gain in hiddne levels
and eventually trigger a hidden quest to unlock specialized ammo, smoke bombs,
larger explosive shots and so on.

Intelligence:

Magic Damage - Magic damage is increased based on how frequent spells are used,
spells could eventually occupy separate schools of magic but we will worry about
that later

Magic Area Potency - based on how frequent they are used some spells will have a
chance to spread or impact a larger Area Of Effect.

Lingering Magic - Based on how frequent spells are used some of them will allow
the spell to linger on the target for an extended period of time. The stronger
your fire the longer they burn, the stronger the poison the longer they stay
poisoned and the stronger your heals the more likely they are to Heal Over time
up to a maximized cap.

Special Spells - The more mana you use the more likely you are to trigger quests
to unlock special upgraded spells for your crafters or vendors. Fireball -> Fire
bolt -> fireblast -> eternal fireblast

Mana Consumption - The more your mana bar is depleted the lower your mana
requirements for each spell become up to a minimized floor.

To Finish this all off lets talk about manapools, and stamina and health bars.

Health - If we implement the Damage numbers of point removed from current health
pools we can implement a system where the more damage you take the larger your
pool becomes. Taking 10 points of damage will increase your healthpool from 100
to 100.001 by the time you've reached the endgame you will have been rewarded
with a massive tank sized health pool taking thousands of damage or a specified
amount will guarantee that your character is scarred and healed and stronger than
before.

Stamina Bars - More things will require stamina, melee, sneaking in stealth,
holding bows but sitting still in stealth will not, backstab, skillshot, any
shot will burn stamina, by the endgame you will be a stamina god! Using 10
points of stamina will increase your stamina pool from 100 to 100.001